# ADULTsalary

Income plays a significant role in determining a person's level of living and financial standing in society. It is crucial in deciding the nation's growth or "A huge income is the best prescription for happiness I ever heard of," Jane Austen reportedly said. Income plays a significant role in determining a person's level of living and financial standing in society. It is crucial in deciding the nation's growth. Our goal is to find relevant insights that may be used to make better decisions. Our database has 32561 records with various parameters such as occupation, age, workclass, MaritalStatus, relationship, weekly hours, education, race, sex, CapitalGain, CapitalLoss, Country, relationship, Final weight and income. There are total 15 attributes out of which 6 attributes are numerical and 8 attributes are categorical and 1 target variable i.e., income. Between the dependent and independent variables, exploratory analysis will be performed. For our purposes, not all of the qualities are relevant. The useful features will be chosen based on the results of the various algorithms. There are numeric variables as well as numerous factors. Using exploratory analysis and classification algorithms, we aim to predict whether the income of the US population exceeds $50K/year based on census data provided by the Census Bureau database. The data allows for useful insights and conclusions to be drawn. The conclusions reached could aid in making better decisions. Furthermore, forecasts could be used to make recommendations to students who need to seek higher education and adults who are spending less time at work. We also want to see how accurate different models are using Logistic Regression, Naive Bayes classifiers, and other techniques.
